Add report for  Reference Setup, Performance, Scalability, and Sizing Guidelines (#930)
longhorn/website: content/docs/1.7.0/references/reference-setup-performance-scalability-and-sizing-guidelines.md

---
title: Reference Setup, Performance, Scalability, and Sizing Guidelines
weight: 2
---

> You can find the full details at https://github.com/longhorn/longhorn/tree/v{{< current-version >}}/scalability/reference-setup-performance-scalability-and-sizing-guidelines

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find the detailed guidelines in the [Longhorn repository](https://github.com/longhorn/longhorn/tree/v{{< current-version >}}/scalability/reference-setup-performance-scalability-and-sizing-guidelines).

Longhorn can be deployed in environments with varying specifications, so testing for all viable setups is not possible. Because of this, the guidelines are based on typical setups for on-premises and public cloud deployments.
```

Reviewer: I added the second paragraph to set user expectations about the scope of the linked content.

Author: Thank you. I fixed the first paragraph.

I think we don't need the 2nd paragraph because the title of the page already mentions the context for the link which is `Reference Setup, Performance, Scalability, and Sizing Guidelines` . Furthermore, `Longhorn can be deployed in environments with varying specifications, so testing for all viable setups is not possible. Because of this, the guidelines are based on typical setups for on-premises and public cloud deployments.` seems to be specific testing details not the summary of the goals of the report. WDYT?
